More improvements for S3, files scan and BG jobs (#768)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/occ_commands/core_commands/_background_jobs_selector.adoc

{occ-command-example-prefix} background:webcron
----

> TIP: See the xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#managing-background-jobs[Managing Background Jobs] and the xref:configuration/server/background_jobs_configuration.adoc[Background Jobs configuration] to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Check out the sections xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#managing-background-jobs[Managing Background Jobs] and xref:configuration/server/background_jobs_configuration.adoc[Background Jobs configuration] to learn more.
```
